Unicorn Riot owns Unicorn Riot	contradiction
Unicorn Riot is funded through tax-deductible donations	entailment
The remit of Unicorn Riot is to expose root causes of dynamic social and environmental issues through amplifying stories and exploring sustainable alternatives in today’s globalized world.	entailment
The mission of Unicorn Riot is to exposing root causes of dynamic social and environmental issues through amplifying stories and exploring sustainable alternatives in today’s globalized world.	entailment
The usual audience of Unicorn Riot is left biased.	entailment
Unicorn Riot tends to the left	entailment
Other sources have commented on Unicorn Riot, stating that it tends to be left-biased.	entailment
The factuality of Unicorn Riot is reported to be High	entailment
The factuality of Unicorn Riot is reported to be High, according to Mediabiasfactcheck.	entailment
Unicorn Riot failed a fact-check for an article titled "Protesters Demand Elections Remain Untampered Across United States".	contradiction
Unicorn Riot chose not to cover Failed Fact Checks	entailment
Unicorn Riot relies on advertising for revenue	entailment
Unicorn Riot relies on subscriptions for revenue	entailment
Unicorn Riot relies on donations for revenue	entailment
Unicorn Riot has received donations from tax-deductible donations.	entailment
When aggregating stories, Unicorn Riot relies on information from **the field**.	entailment
Unicorn Riot has endorsed the progressive left	entailment
Unicorn Riot has an editorial bias towards the progressive left	entailment
Unicorn Riot printed a biased article titled Left biased based on coverage of protests and stories that align with the left.	entailment
Unicorn Riot had to apologize for **None in the Last 5 years. In fact, their video has been used by fact-checkers to verify claims**.	entailment
Unicorn Riot had to apologize to no one for nothing	entailment
Unicorn Riot is a media collective	entailment
Unicorn Riot covers the following topics: Protests, social and environmental issues, Government abuse	entailment